1. Introduction and Overall Description
This project is a web-based application built on Firebase and Node.js, and comes with cart functionality. The application facilitates the management of items in a shopping cart and provides essential features like adding, removing, and updating cart items.
2. System Installation
2.1 Prerequisites
Ensure that both Node.js and npm are installed on your machine.
2.2 Installation Procedure
Clone the repository with the following command:
git clone https://github.com/baisiyou/internship.git
Navigate to the project directory:
cd your-repository
Install the project dependencies using npm:
npm install
3. System Configuration
As Firebase powers the backend of this project, Firebase credentials are required. Navigate to and edit the firebase-config.json file in the project directory. Substitute the placeholders accordingly with your Firebase administrative credentials.
4. Using the System
Upon completion of the dependencies and Firebase configuration, use the following command to run the project: npm start. This command enables the system and makes it accessible via your browser.
5. Internationalization (i18n)
The project supports Internationalization (i18n) across multiple languages. Language files can be found in the locales directory. To add support for a new language, establish a new JSON file in this directory, adhering to the current format.
6. System Authentication
Employ the following credentials to authenticate Firebase admin functions:
Email: 123456@gmail.com
Password: 123456
Maintain the security of these credentials and refrain from publicly sharing them.
7. Cart Functionality
From adding, removing to updating cart items, the application emits comprehensive shopping cart functionalities.
8. Additional Information and Notes
Ensure your Firebase project has the correct permissions and configurations to utilize admin functions. For issues or inquiries, please contact baisiyou@gmail.com.
Finally, thank you for using my project! I welcome your feedback and suggestions and am grateful for your contribution.